sam gardner your timing is terrible
telling me that you love me right before
we both go off to college
except what we can get back together all
right i'm not
i read a statistic that four out of five
students with autism don't graduate
college
look back at what we did right four to
five four to five
four days you cannot let me screw up
nursing school evan
hey no more appendix
it's all gone five four out of five
you want to have sex a big talk because
i don't i don't know what to say i
didn't light a candle in there
i was smoking a cigarette
i i don't know what's going on with you
no you haven't been yourself lately no
and i don't want to do something to mess
it up
no matter what even if you eat a live
sheep
i'm always gonna love you i'm sorry
i got stuck thinking about the four out
of five and then i got stuck thinking
about sex
since i just forget that you have
challenges that i don't even think of
sam i know you're gonna be the one out
of five
cause you're my one in a million
i mean you said you want me to be more
open
like you don't just sleep with someone
out of the blue i think
it was that little lie that made
every other why just a tiny bit easier
who's that oh chuck walking in late on
the first day
some of you are not gonna make it let's
all take guesses on who
wow um megan came with some good news we
we got invited to a first responder
conference in new york to talk
about our trainings almost every year
ucla recruits a student from clinton on
a track scholarship
two years ago they took three kids i
think i might want to go to ucla
maybe you could come too on your own why
don't you think about
dropping a class or something i dropped
a class my first semester
why are you pushing this on me i just
don't want you to be figuring it out
forever
oh come come on i didn't know maybe this
is what i am
okay i'm sorry if that's not good enough
for you i'd like to apply for services
please
meet one of our student volunteers she's
gonna show you around you can call me
sid
so you guys just come here whenever you
need help yeah
that's what it's here for cool if i
don't want
you know some fancy job in some fancy
town
yes hey
you stole my 9b pencil no i didn't
and then i told you i was putting it
back in the soft case because that
graphite does better in a soft container
i don't remember any of that i'm abby
me and my roommates are having a party
tomorrow night well we're calling it an
art jam
elsa stop by my place she said it was to
drop off my jacket but
i don't know ah
hey there bethy daddy happy graduation
just like being in hawaii right um we're
doing this big
clothing drive and you have you said
dewey could go any day
that is there's never really anything
wrong with doing what's there come on
can a dad just want to see his kids
yeah i need your signature on some
papers when you were little your
grandmother started a college savings
account for you i just figured since
you're not using it you are an [ __ ]
it is shocking you have kids this great
yes
you know you lost the right to say [ __ ]
the moment you walked out the door and
didn't come back or call for what 18
months oh my god
i am so sorry it's the first time i've
been yelled at my dad like 10 years
i love you so much i feel so empowered
i told my dad to eat sugar and then i
dog nap dewey
miley cyrus huh you know it
i'm zaid gretchen
tammy i'm in love she said i could write
a paper instead
so i did that and i handed it in evan
didn't show up for the ride-along
that's weird yeah and we were ready you
stood up for dad you never told me what
happened with my dad you'd be upset if i
were him too
i thought you two were a couple maybe i
should go yeah you probably should no
i suck at tests hate tests
i'm i'm i'm dyslexic i dropped out of
bowdoin to vote and
my expectations were sky high that that
would be me
canoeing in the bay of fundy with my new
bestie
but it wasn't just they just got each
other but
nobody got me five weeks later i'd
racked up six thousand dollars worth of
credit card debt
college is hard
i apologize i uh i i messed up
with the ride-along and are you free
thursday
who's evan he's our co-worker um
my mom she disappeared like she
sometimes says
and caused a bunch of chaos like she
always does when i pointed it out he ran
the appropriate tests and
turns out she had a parasite no training
relief says i saved her life
you are a hero sam gardner thank you for
letting me stay here
yeah of course and i i am so sorry for
how i acted at that dinner party
because i was jealous
boy you know
so to me that's the essence of a penguin
it stays you could say i'm like a
penguin
and denton is my antarctica sam
permission to hug you permission granted
we're missing a turquoise fitbit for
reals
gretchen has a turquoise fitbit
god i think you should probably talk to
zaheed first
it was gretchen the only thing she's
ever stolen is my heart no well the
employee handbook says that if we see
someone steal we have to report it to
bob please
sam do this for me
so zaheed is a friend my best friend no
i'm saying friends come and go just i i
found those
fleetwood mac tickets in the sun room
yeah i'm going with
people from peer group like stumpy you
have a parasite
and that parasite's name is gretchen
gretchen is not a parasite she's a
princess
she's a dope lovely in every possible
way
bros before hoes notebook 30 page 19.
never let a chica change you
stumpy was mean to her friends too hello
bob
there's an incident i need to report
zaheed's terrible girlfriend gretchen
stole a turquoise fitbit but you knew
she shoplifted and you didn't tell me
she's going on the wall of shame and you
are on very thin ice
you and me are done we're not friends
anymore
i can't do this
i want us to separate
i just think it's
the best option well
even if you don't feel the same you can
at least be there for me as a friend
incredibly clear that you don't feel the
same
how long are we going to be unhomemade
forever
a separation yeah i can't yet
so you can make your list and pack all
your boxes and i'm going to try to
figure that out
he switched his shifts so you two don't
overlap
but doug that marriage
was a good choice
[Music]
you're a unique kid but i didn't help
you
is everything okay with you well to be
honest
sam no i'm at a restaurant with a ball
pit and a life-size singing strip of
bacon
you're as beautiful as you always were
good for youtube well
[Music]
did you do something i kissed someone
i think that i might have
feelings who
is he do
do you love her i don't know
well figure it out casey i'm off on
telling the kids
i know this wasn't all your fault thank
you
and maybe it was the right thing to do
but
i just can't get them out of my head
everything reminds me of them
it sucks
[Music]
i am not having this conversation with
you ever be
a problem with you what no
why you'd be like did you tell sam about
us
what would be the big deal cause i don't
feel like broadcasting my personal
business to the world
what's wrong whoa
poor you i'm so confused because i miss
evan so much
but when i'm with izzy it's so exciting
and
kissing her was amazing i don't want to
be my friend anymore
and i don't care so here's your stupid
shirt back
on i used to be at the top of your
priority list
and then we had the kids and you know it
went down a little bit it happened what
i always thought that oh when they
didn't need you as much i would
go back if this is gonna happen i i just
wanted us to be
you know thoughtful about it and for it
to be something
that we really
[Music]
[Applause]
also by eloping with gretchen what
he's getting married when tomorrow so
go to new york and figure out if
this is real i'm sorry i'm sick of you
apologizing
i really like you yeah just leave me
alone
i'm done being weird they've reached out
they're interested really running this
is going to be more like training for
the olympics
more running more time in the weekend
it's our first road trip
and our first wedding breakup you sent
your husband
to new york with another woman who you
already had concerns about
gretchen what are you guys doing here
we're here to break up your wedding to
zucchini
my ex called this is gavin he's the one
i
had to call the wedding off zaheed
why you made me promise not to let you
mess up nursing school goodbye sam
no not without the code
sammy i don't want to start anything
between us
if you're not sure sure you're out of
your marriage
yeah i'm trying to figure that out
why the hell would you do that but i
never unhomied you
i'm sorry sam
i now pronounce you homies
dog what the hell was that i was trying
to break up your stupid affair
to saheed passing his test hi
hi i'm sorry
i know i got into that emt training
program
i think ucla might be an option don't
don't do the easy thing
to do the hard stuff
you know i do think that being the nanny
to a professional working mom could
teach me a lot
is he already asleep i want to go for it
yeah
i'm not looking crazy
will you be my roommate
yes yes
you